add security considerations around cookie replay (#95)
tlswg/dtls-rrc: draft-ietf-tls-dtls-rrc.md

cryptographically authenticated).  On-path adversaries can, in general, pose a
harm to connectivity.

> If the RRC challenger uses a cookie that has already been used in this connection and does not implement anti-replay protection (see {{Section 4.5.1 of RFC9147}} and {{Section 4.1.2.6 of !RFC6347}}), an attacker could replay an old `path_response` message with the reused cookie to trick the challenger into switching to the attacker's chosen path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the RRC challenger reuses a cookie that was previously used in the same connection and does not implement anti-replay protection (see {{Section 4.5.1 of RFC9147}} and {{Section 4.1.2.6 of !RFC6347}}), an attacker could replay a previously sent `path_response` message containing the reused cookie to mislead the challenger into switching to a path of the attacker's choosing.
```

> Therefore, RRC cookies must be obtained afresh using a reliable source of entropy {{?RFC4086}}.
> The CSPRNG used by the TLS implementation (see {{Appendix C.1 of RFC8446}}) is a natural choice for this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent this, RRC cookies must be freshly generated using a reliable source of entropy (see {{?RFC4086}}).
A suitable source is the cryptographically secure pseudorandom number generator (CSPRNG) provided by the TLS implementation (see {{Appendix C.1 of RFC8446}}).
```
